Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- What the hell is wrong with you?
Are you following me?
Aren't you supposed to be at home?
Creepy ass.
Why were you just standing there?
Max!
Are you listening to me?
- Man. I don't know what
you all got going on.
but I ain't got nothing
to do with this shit.
- You're leaving.
You're both pathetic.
Worthless!
- Come on and get rid of this crazy then.
- Oh. hi.
She's so cute.
I'm sorry.
She probably just wanted to say hi to you.
- Honestly. it's okay.
Sometimes these dogs do
what they want to do.
- Indeed. they do.
But look. if you ever want to get coffee
or anything like that.
here's my card.
- Okay. Maxwell St. Claire.
I might take you up on that offer.
- Well. I hope you do.
Well. I gotta get back to the office.
It was a pleasure meeting you.
- Christine.
Well. it was nice meeting you. Christine.
- Now. don't you start.
I don't say nothing to you
when you're scratching my door.
trying to chase the
terrier down the street.
That's what I thought.
- Girl. what kind of
car you said he drives?
- Girl. he hopped in the G-wagon.
- Mm. Marvin with the G-wagon.
Okay.
- His name is not Marvin.
That man name is Maxwell.
- My bad.
Maxwell with the G-wagon.
- But it's not even about the car though.
I wish you were there.
It's the way he talked to me.
I don't know.
It was just so genuine.
- Well. damn. is he gay?
- No. at least I don't think so.
Why you say that?
- 'Cause he ain't call you yet.
But that's the problem.
- Girl. he got to be gay then.
- He gave me his card.
He doesn't even have my number.
- Oh. well. so much for the
him calling you first shit.
- I ain't calling it. man.
I'm not.
- Christine. you better call that man
and stop blocking your blessings.
- Christine French does
not call any man first.
- Well. Christine French
is gonna be mad at me.
- Why?
- 'Cause Keke Williams gotta
get up out of this house.
find me somebody's son.
- Girl. stop.
- Well. listen. it's cuddle season. okay.
And you know how much I need
to binge reels and bang.
- Okay. I can't.
I can't with you.
I gotta go.
- Bye. babe.
- All right.
- I'll talk to you later.
Bye.
Good morning. my little prince.
Bobby. take off those headphones.
I told you no devices at the table.
Mom. why are you always playing?
Because you're
so cute when you're mad.
I'm not a little kid anymore.
I'm 14 now.
Yeah. Mom. stop
treating us like kids.
Look. Bobby. you
will always be my little boy.
If you ever try to leave this house.
I will lock you in your room.
I'm the man of the house now.
I take out the trash.
I mow the law.
I even read Cedar his bedtime stories.
Hey. I know how to read.
I'm not a baby.
- Hello.
- Maxwell.
- You called?
- Yeah. well I was just calling
to take you up on your offer for coffee.
- Yeah. well. how does tomorrow sound?
- Tomorrows great.
I'm sorry.
Was I interrupting anything?
- Just doing little yard work. you know.
At 9:00 PM.
- Well. I'm a busy guy. so
when I gotta get it done.
I gotta get it done.
And besides it's super hot in Houston.
- That's true.
Well. you have my number.
so just text me a time and place.
I'll be there
Max is everything okay?
- Yeah. it's just that
my phone's acting up.
but look. I'm gonna get a
new phone in the morning.
I'm gonna give you a
call about the details
on where we're gonna meet up. okay?
How does that sound?
- Yeah. that sounds good.
- All right.
Goodbye.
- Okay.
Look. I'm so sorry that I'm late.
but I promise you the
coffee's amazing here.
Shall we?
- Okay.
- Oh man. can I be honest?
- Have you been lying this whole time?
- Absolutely.
- Here it goes.
You have a wife.
- No. nothing like that.
I've been truthful. but
not completely honest.
When I saw you at the
park. I thought to myself.
man. this woman is amazing.
- I saw you looking at me.
- I definitely was checking
you out. I can't lie.
But look. I'm not a casual dater.
I'm a very busy man.
So that means when I
spend time with someone
they're very special to me.
So if you're looking for something casual.
that isn't me because
I'm looking for a wife.
- That sounds crazy.
- I mean. it does sound
kind of crazy maybe to you.
but to me that's very important.
- You sure you don't have
any skeletons in the closet?
- I prefer my skeletons in the trunk
where I keep all my other baggage.
- That was a good one.
I can't believe this is real.
- What do you mean?
- Everything.
I mean. it just Feels like a fairy tale.
- I mean. why spend the
rest of your life fighting
with someone that you love?
- I don't know.
I guess I'm just so used
to all the toxic men
I had in the past.
- On behalf of all the other species
that have done you wrong.
I intend on making everything right.
- I'm sure you've had
some women in the past.
that'll even up the playing field.
- Yeah. like my ex-wife.
- You're what?
- I told you I was married.
- No the fuck you didn't.
- Look Christine you're right.
I didn't tell you everything.
but a lot has happened.
and it's because I'm going
through a lot of things
that I'm still healing from.
- Max. we just eloped.
Do you know how stupid I feel
not even knowing I'm second wife?
Tell me what you need me to do.
I can fix it.
Tell me.
- You tell me everything!
I want to know when you
all met. when you broke up.
do you still talk to her?
- I can do that. but it's a long story.
I met her in college and we
were both engineer majors.
So we would hang out a lot.
First. I thought I fell for it
because she made me feel important.
She made me feel alive.
After college. we got married
and even got a job at the same company.
After a few years.
she grew more ambitious and
wanted to start a business.
but I didn't think it would work.
But she still wanted to quit her job.
So she started a business on her own.
So I supported her for two years
while she was working on
building that business.
I gave her money. stayed up hours.
hours cultivating her ideas.
And when her business.
when our business took off.
it took off like a rocket.
And you know what she told me?
She told me I wasn't ambitious enough.
She thought I was stupid for
not taking the risk for her.
But I'm the reason why we survived.
Every day after that I was
emasculated at every turn.
The more success that she achieved.
the more emasculating she became.
- So you filed for divorce.
- I couldn't.
The more she tore me down.
the more that I believed that I couldn't.
I was at the bottom or
at least I thought I was.
One day I was working late
and it was one of those days
where I actually felt good.
so I ordered some food from
her favorite restaurant
and brought it to her.
And when I got there...
- She was having an affair.
With a boy
barely out of high school.
- I'm sorry. I made you dig all that up.
but I'm glad that you
were comfortable enough
to trust me and tell me.
You're pathetic. worthless.
You're pathetic.
You're both pathetic. worthless.
Worthless. pathetic.
- I can't believe you
all about to leave me
in this bar by myself.
- Tanya. ain't nobody about to leave you.
Right. you could leave with us.
but your silly ass trying to stay
and find somebody just to get some.
Just stay for one more hour.
We can't.
We both have midterms tomorrow.
- And if I remember correctly.
your ass got one too.
- Fine. I'll just call a ride in an hour.
- Are you gonna want
to sleep with that boy?
You know how you and Bobby get
when you're drunk and fighting?
- Me and Bobby are done.
He's worthless to me at this point.
- Whatever girl. bye.
- And don't be coming
home making all that noise
when we're trying to sleep either.
I won't.
You all be safe.
No you be safe.
- Are you Tanya?
All right. you
holler that you all good.
Hey. I think you might have
picked up the wrong person.
- What'd you say?
- The driver on my app is
different and so is the car.
- Oh. they're probably
picking up another Tanya.
But if you don't mind.
just go ahead and cancel the
trip and you can just pick me.
- Okay.
How do I do that?
- Look. let me show you.
See. all you do is just
press the button like.
- Look. look. my fiance here.
- Fiance?
You gotta go.
- Babe. what you put in that
tea you gave me last night.
I could barely get out of bed.
- I just realized inconsiderate I was.
I'm not telling you
that I was once married.
I don't know how I got this
lucky. but I promise you.
I would never do anything to
ever jeopardize what we have.
- Oh babe. so what else
don't I know about you?
Max!
- Yes. babe.
- I was saying. I bet you dinner
that she just probably
ended up at some guy's house
and left her phone unattended.
phone died and she forgot to text back.
She's probably fine.
- I'll take you on that bet.
- Yeah. but you. what
do you think happened?
- Look. I got it.
She probably was drunk
from drinking all night.
called up a rider.
probably got in the car
with some random ass guy.
The driver probably took
her to the guy's house
because she didn't want
to wake up her roommates.
I'm pretty sure they were
making out in the backseat
and that's probably where
they dropped the phone.
The driver's probably
some random nature lover.
drove into the woods to
look at the moonlight
and I betcha that's where the phone was
and it probably died in the backseat.
End of story.
- Yeah. it was basically what I said.
- But was it really though?
- And what makes you think
she didn't catch the Uber?
- I'm not sure if she
caught the Uber or not.
but I was up late worried
and I was stalking her on find my friend.
- And where was she?
- I'm not sure. but the last
time I saw her location.
she was in the woods somewhere.
but her phone must have died or something
'cause I haven't seen anything since.
- And where is she now?
- If I knew where she was now.
I wouldn't be talking to
you about how she's missing.
- Back to you. Tim.
- So you spent the whole
night in the car drinking.
Then at some point you
walked her to her ride.
You didn't want to take her home.
- Look. I would love to have.
you know. taken her home.
but my girl was at my house that night
and she's not into the plus ones
if you know what I mean.
She'd kill me.
- So your girl can attest
that you came home that night around 2:30.
and you're saying that you walked Tanya
to her car around 1:15.
Besides. you mentioned the fact
that you walked her to a ride.
Is there anything else
that stood out to you?
- There was this guy at the bar.
real creepy.
- Creepy?
Son. we all have choices
and were faced with those choices
because actions that defines you.
and due to my actions.
I've lost everything that I love.
I thought I heard you come in.
- Hello.
- Damn bitch. what a girl
gotta do to get a hold of you.
- Girl. I'm sorry.
I just been busy.
Doing what?
Lying on the couch.
- No. actually I was
about to head to the mall.
You should come meet me.
- I'm headed to these little
badass kid's birthday party.
Uh-huh. uh-huh.
- What kid's?
- Girl. devil. at least park devil.
Shit.
Nah. they're my brother's kids.
Girl. please pray for me though.
because between these badass kids
and they're annoying ass mama.
I may end up slapping somebody for real.
- Don't do that.
- Babe girl. listen. I gotta let you go.
I'm about to smoke something.
I need to get my mind right for this shit.
Hey listen and stop being a stranger.
Okay?
I miss you.
Let's hang out.
- Okay. I won't.
We should.
- Uh-huh.
Bye.
- Bye girl.
How the
fuck you get in my house?
You just had
to get pregnant. didn't you?
You just had to have him all by yourself.
Didn't you?
What are you talking?
- Maybe smoke something.
Ooh Lord. get my mind right. please.
Here you go.
Ooh. some good shit.
Mm hmm.
Mm.
Boy. let's go.
- Got that suspect for the 1057.
- He's here?
- Came in about five minutes ago.
Said he heard we're looking for him.
so he came in to clear his name.
- This is gonna be interesting.
Let's go.
I'm Detective Carter
and this is my partner. Detective Stevens.
- Okay.
- Do you know why you're here?
- Yeah. of course.
That little bitch that's missing. right?
- We prefer that you call her a woman.
but yes. this is about the missing person.
- So what y'all need for me?
We need everything you know
about the night in question.
- First off. I ain't had shit to do
with that little hoe missing. man.
Man. listen.
Okay. I seen her at the bar.
She was fine as fuck though.
Know what I'm saying?
But she was over there
chilling with her homegirls.
- So.
- So?
I shot my shot.
Man. she wouldn't try to hear that shit.
- Well that's a surprise.
Yeah.
- Look man. this chick had
the nerve to laugh in my face.
So fuck yeah. we had a
couple. we had some words.
But shit. you know what I'm saying?
She had little friend walk up.
You know what I mean?
- Oh and he ran you off. huh?
This guy
here. Steve Urkel. right?
Negative.
I shot my shot.
I missed.
Then I dribble my ball to another court.
- Bullshit.
You want to know what we think?
- I mean. does it matter?
What you all need for me is the truth.
- And who said you're telling the truth?
- Fuck. I am.
So around 11:45.
you get in a confrontation with Tanya.
- Yeah. yeah. of course.
- Then a friend cocks-blocks. right?
She just like brush you off
like a little lint. right?
So you get mad.
So you follow her outside and
you watch her get in the car.
Then you follow her home.
And when she gets out.
you confront her again.
Right?
That's what
you all think. right?
Uh-huh. that's what we know.
So what do you gotta say now?
You already had your one phone call.
- What you got there?
- What the hell is this?
What's this bullshit?
- That's evidence.
Evidence?
That doesn't prove shit.
- See. what the fuck you mean?
It's right here. many timestamp.
I told you I left the spot.
went across the street to another court
and dribble my ball. shot my shot right.
This time I didn't miss.
As you can see. you hear me.
I went all night and the morning.
So is there anything else
you all need from me?
- No. we're done.
You're free to go.
- Oh shit. you know what?
I'm thinking about it.
There was this dude out there that night.
Some dude?
- He was a little shorter than me.
He had a hoodie on.
Dude looked real suspect.
And then the way the dude
was chilling by the car.
looking like he was ready to
be on some old sneaky shit.
I had my gun tight.
You ain't gonna catch me slipping.
- What can you tell us about this car?
- It was a black.
it was a black SUV Jeep type car.
Dude had the Black Ice
shit. the old school shit
hanging from the rear view.
- Yeah. that is old school.
Stevens. we need to find this car.
I'll get on it right away.
This just in.
the Houston Police are
finally ready to say
that Tanya Daniels is
officially being treated
as a missing person.
After a few people
came in to give statements.
- Damn.
that sketch damn near looks
like it that can be my brother
- It began to be obviously
or something
- that there might have been
foul play.
- I'm gonna have to call my dad and see
if I got some siblings
- Police also might have
running around
- a lead
I don't know about.
- That might be able to link
to a possible suspect.
- What?
What's wrong?
- A black SUV
with a Black Ice
- Doesn't your Jeep
- air freshener
in the garage
have a Black Ice
- And this composite sketch
in the mirror?
- I mean so does every other
- might be the best clue
black person in America.
- the Police Department
but I mean I've been having
- have as of yet.
That Jeep since I've been in college.
Just can't get rid of it.
- Now I want to reiterate
that the person in the sketch
is only wanted
- Wait!
For questioning
- What are you trying to say?
And there is
no evidence of a crime.
nor whether or not
- You can't possibly
think that's me.
He has participated.
Do you think I'm hanging out
in college bars or something?
- I'm just saying
- That's all I have for now.
If you snuck out in
the middle of the night
and decided to go bar
hopping. I'm okay with that.
- Come on. get up.
- For what?
- You know for what.
I mean. I get it.
The vehicle. the Black Ice in the mirror.
I mean. I see why you think that's me.
but let me show you why it's not. okay?
So since you don't trust me.
I'm gonna have to give
you a reason to trust me.
The keys are in the driver's
side inside the visor.
Go ahead. take it for a spin.
- First off. I want you to
know that I do trust you.
- Sure. babe.
Start the car.
Go ahead.
See. the car hasn't even started in years.
In fact. I had the tow it in the house
and push it into the garage.
I only keep it to remind me
that dreams do come true.
Babe.
What. hey?
- I forgot I got a
surprise I gotta show you.
Come on.
- A surprise.
- Yes. come on.
What surprise?
- Babe. I gotta show you. come on.
If it was a surprise. it
wouldn't be a surprise.
If I told you it wouldn't be a surprise.
Okay.
Come on.
- How you feeling?
- Not good.
Tanya's parents said
that they haven't heard
from her in two weeks
and that she's missed all her classes.
- Yeah. she missed her midterms as well.
- She's got a 3.7 GPA.
It's no way I'm buying that
she just got up and ran away.
- Hey. what about the boyfriend?
I heard they were breaking up
the night she went missing.
- Puerto Rico?
That's the reason she was mad.
Apparently. her boyfriend got drunk
and posted the wrong pictures.
Believe leave me. he had
nothing to do with this.
- So what the hell are
we supposed to do. huh?
The ride she was supposed
to get got canceled
and five minutes later.
pick someone else up.
So that guy's out.
Who the hell did she get in the car with?
What is it?
Omar said that he was leaving
and he saw a short African male
standing outside with a hoodie.
- The one with the Black
Ice in the rear view mirror.
- And I'm not judging.
but Omar. you know.
all these scars he has.
no stranger to alpha men.
that's because he's an alpha male himself.
So what's a guy like that
being scared of a guy
standing outside of a bar?
Unless this guy really was
sending off some crazy vibes.
- No. that's definitely on top of my list.
but Jordan said he put
Tanya in the car himself.
- What color did Jordan said his ride was?
- Black.
So do you think the perp
was posing as a ride driver?
- You know it makes perfect sense
and those are the only two
links that we can put together.
- So if we find the man
with the black hoodie
with a black SUV.
we'll find out who picked
up Tanya that night.
- Yeah.
And possibly the last
person that saw her alive.
- You know what that means if it's true.
- That means that there could be others.
- Probably dealing with
a serial killer here.
- Shit.
Like I was saying.
if you have any ounces.
Repeat that?
I said. "Fuck you".
Your homeboy
said the same thing.
but he squealed a little bit afterwards.
- What's up. stranger?
- Any chance these girls are still alive?
- We catch him. then we'll find out.
Until then. I don't have a fucken' clue.
- Hey babe. who's in the driveway?
- Darnell. this is my husband. Max.
Max. Darnell is my brother.
- Brother.
- At least this was the
birth certificate say.
And when I heard my baby sister
went off and got married.
I had to come see this for myself.
Damn girl. you always knew
how to keep us on our toes.
- Don't I know it.
Well. hey. maybe we can all go out
and get something to eat.
I'll make a reservation.
probably at my restaurant.
- No. no. babe.
I already started cooking.
My brother swears I'm the only one
that knows how to make chicken and rice.
- You're the closest thing to Grandma.
- God. I love that woman's cooking.
Man.
- Man. that lady cooked all
up until the day she died.
- She did.
- Dang.
Speaking of dying.
man. what's up with all them girls
coming up missing around here.
- Hopefully. they turn up.
You know how those college girls are.
always partying. just trying
to blow some steam off.
- Don't I know.
- In five. four. three. two. rolling.
- New evidence has come to
us via the Houston Police.
New evidence has come to
us via the Houston Police
behind the disappearances
in the Houston area.
The police believe that the disappearances
all lead to one individual.
The police urge the citizens.
if you see or have heard from this person.
please contact the crime hotline.
The police believe that the suspect
is targeting young professionals
or collegiate African American women.
At this time.
there is no additional
information on the suspect.
but once again.
the Houston Police are
urging the public to call in
for any additional information.
- Ah man.
I see why you never come home.
buddy. been waiting on you hand and foot.
- I mean. I think it's essential
that a man should take care of his woman.
especially if she's perfect.
Perfect. my little sister.
Perfect. don't run from their past.
But look. any man can love
what they think is perfect.
but reality come with imperfections.
You're a cool dude though.
but ain't nothing real without the truth.
- That's true.
But I've told Max everything about myself
and I feel like that's why we work.
We're just comfortable
being around each other.
- If you all like it. I love it.
Hey. but what you all think
about the detective on this
serial kidnapping case folder?
- Oh. Detective Carter.
- I don't know his name.
The dude that was on the TV.
I don't know.
- Yeah. it's Carter.
He's supposed to be one of the best ones.
- Best of what?
I mean. the guy hasn't
even found the bodies yet.
So before we jump on Carter's bandwagon.
let's let the guy find the bodies first.
- You think they dead?
- I mean. isn't it obvious?
I mean. I can understand from
a parents' point of view.
but they're just gonna have to accept it.
Facts are just facts.
- Which are?
- I mean. time.
I mean. it's been two weeks already.
It's 2021.
so I'm pretty sure they
would've seen themselves
on TV already.
- Right.
Right.
And even if he was holding
them against their will.
I mean. he'd hold them for a little bit.
but not for this long.
You'd been killed by now.
- I mean.
I'm wondering what makes a
guy like that really tick.
- Corn ball.
Ain't no telling. went to high school.
probably tried to get
some action. never could.
and now he grew up resenting people.
and he want to fight.
Only way he gonna win is with women.
- Well. he's a coward if you ask me.
and I can't wait for that detective
to just show what a real man he is.
Ain't that right. babe?
- Uh-huh.
- Where are we going?
I don't know
where you going. man.
but I got a hot date tonight.
I thought you
said you were married.
- Happily married. man.
That's my hot date. my wife.
What!
Okay.
- I gotta take off
'cause she's getting ready to go out town
on a business trip.
- That's pretty nice. man.
Hey. what about the girls?
- The girls.
You want to know what my dad told me
when I first made detective?
- What's that?
- He said no matter how hard
the job is. don't take it home.
You see. man. these
cases are very emotional
and like all emotions. man.
You gotta keep them in control
because if you don't.
they'll make you lose sight
of what's most important to you. man.
and that's family.
You know I'll also tell you
this. this job will kill you.
And if you let it take you down.
don't take your family with you.
- Some really good advice.
Imagine you and him
were pretty close. huh?
- You know this job killed my dad.
He was never one to take his own advice.
You know. growing up I can't even remember
a time where he was early for dinner.
you know. a time when he was
on time for one of my games.
- I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm sure he was pretty
proud of you though.
- Of course. he is.
He built the machine?
Let's get outta here.
All right.
- Pick up the phone.
Hey. pick up the phone.
Come on. man.
- Detective Carter speaking.
Stay there.
I'm on the way.
We gotta roll.
- Detective Carter. how may I help you?
- We were actually hoping
that we could catch your husband home.
- Oh. you just missed him.
- We did.
Would you mind telling us where he's gone?
- I actually don't know myself.
I was in the shower.
When I came out. I noticed he was gone.
What's this about. Detective?
- Your husband wouldn't
happen to drive a black SUV.
would he?
- A G-Wagon?
Yeah.
Yes.
- Well. when he gets home.
just let him know we came by.
We have a few questions for him.
- About what exactly?
- It's probably nothing.
but we think he might have some answers
on helping us locate one
of the missing girls.
- What?
Why would he know anything about that?
- Like I said. just
have him give us a call.
We have a few questions for him.
Okay.
- Yeah.
Bye bye.
- So what'd you make of her?
- I don't know yet. but I bet this.
if her husband is our guy.
she definitely don't know it.
- Never bring work home. huh?
Shit. you can learn.
- Detective Carter was
looking for you today.
- Oh yeah.
What did he want?
- He thinks you know something
about the missing girls.
Do you?
- Why would I know about them?
- He asked about your truck.
- My truck?
- Babe. relax.
I didn't tell them anything.
I already know how some cops can be.
once they get something. they run with it.
and we have reporters
outside lining at our door
and that's the last thing we need.
- Public opinion.
It would ruin us.
- I'm gonna go ahead and go in tomorrow
and answer those questions.
The quicker I do that.
the quicker they can take me off the list.
- Where were you?
- I told you I had that meeting today.
- Oh yeah. I thought
that was this morning.
- Yeah. well I had to
take care of a few things
so I can have everything ready.
you know. taking care of things.
so I can have everything straight for you.
- Yeah.
You know. I don't care
about that stuff. right?
- Of course. I do.
- So how things go with
our number one guy?
Man. I wish I could have
been there for that.
- Shit. we both missed that one.
Who'd he talk to?
- I thought he talked to you.
There's a written statement on your desk
with his whereabouts.
- Girl. cheating!
- Yes. girl.
- Well. are you sure?
- Of course not.
But he's been going out
early and coming home late.
He's been lying.
I'm just...
- That nigga probably cheating.
Yeah.
- But I mean. Christine.
you don't seem to be doing that bad.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- It means you met a man at a dog park.
Tell me you're not calling him first.
And then a few weeks later
you all getting married.
What did you think was gonna happen?
- So you think I'm doing too much.
- I mean. are you happy?
- Yeah.
- Then just be happy.
Let's not let one assumption
fuck up all the good shit he's been doing.
- You're right.
You're right.
I miss you.
I promise.
I'm sorry.
- Girl. miss me with that. miss me.
What you need to do is see if
hubby got some top brothers.
- Oh gosh. I will.
I will.
- Do he got any brothers?
- I don't know.
- Well. bitch. you need to find out.
Okay.
- I will.
- Yeah.
Thank you.
- I got you.
- To my girl!
Oh yeah!
- You know. I've been thinking.
if we never find the body.
how the hell are we gonna find the killer?
- You know. that's the one
thing that still haunts me.
But you know. we try
desperately to catch him.
but we forget the fact
that it might be at the
expense of someone's life.
But were always one step behind.
- It's pissing me off.
We're waiting.
sitting here waiting for
him to make a mistake.
What if he's already made one?
Something we might have overlooked.
- That's the job.
You play chess. Stevens?
Ah. barely. honest.
- Well. in chess. you live and
die by the mistakes you make.
But you know. sometimes the mistakes.
they can afford you a chance to win.
And in others. you make one mistake and...
- Checkmate.
- You know. we can make a few mistakes.
but the first one he
makes. we make it count.
- Got another hot date?
- Nah. wife's outta town.
Man. I'm gonna go home and get some sleep.
That's the same thing you should do
'cause we gonna be
setting a trap tomorrow.
We're gonna make this guy make a mistake.
- All right.
- What's wrong with you?
- We found the body.
- Well. we figured it
was gonna be a deceased.
They got a positive ID.
- Carter.
- Yeah. Carter.
Yeah. it's Gomez. man.
Yeah. we found her. your little girl.
Yeah man. you gotta get down there.
Carter.
No. no. it's not her.
No!
- It's getting out of hands. Gomez.
- Babe.
I was looking for
detergent for my laundry.
- Ah. my perfect wife.